Queenie Xiang and Terry Guan
Systems Programming // Period 5
Final Project Design Document



Our project is a replication of the "rally-racing" game. There will be two players -- one guider, one guidee. The guidee starts off in the root directory of the project and has to locate and cd into the correct final destination directory. The guider will be given questions (trivia-style) and for every question answered correct, the guider will be given a hint as to where the final destination is. The guider then will relay this information to the guidee to help the guidee cd into the correct directory. Once the guidee reaches the correct directory, the game is over and this team wins.

This game involves two players. Each player will open a terminal on their computer to connect to a common server. They will then be connected to the game and can start playing! The guider will be given questions to figure out the final destination. The guidee cd-s into random directories. Upon every cd, the guidee will receive hints in terms of "hotter" or "colder" from the guider.

Topics from class that will be covered by this project include:
       	 - Allocating memory
       	 ??? 
	 
	 - Working with files
	   All directories are files! 

	 - Finding information about files (stat and such)
	   As the guidee cds into directories, information about their current location will be returned to the guider.	    

	 - Processes (fork, exec etc.)
	   The server will be forking off child processes to create subservers that will perform all functionalities.
	   As the user types in cd or ls, exec will be used
	     
	 - Signals
	   User can send signals for exiting the game or for the help menu
	      
	 - Pipes (named and unnamed)
	   Named pipes will be used to send information from server to guider, guider to guidee, and guidee to guider. 

	 - Shared memory
	 ??? 

	 - Semaphores
	   Semaphores will be used to limit the amount of players -- two players per round per server (for now). It'll also be used to limit access to the list of questions (that the server sends to the guider) 
	   
	 - Networking
	   Used to connect the two clients (players) to a common server (which will be running the entire game). 




Design Document
Each student or group must create a file in their repository named DESIGN. The file should be a plain text file and it should contain the following.
[DONE] The names of the people in the group.
[DONE] A statement of the problem you are solving and/or a high level description of the project.
[DONE] A description as to how the project will be used (describe the user interface).


A description of your technical design. This should include:
[DONE -- add more details if time] How you will be using the topics covered in class in the project.
How you are breaking down the project and who is responsible for which parts.
What data structures you will be using and how.
What algorithms you will be using, and how.
A timeline with expected completion dates of parts of the project.

